fmcmc 0.4-1

-   The function fun passed to MCMC is now called two times less. It
    shouldn’t significantly affect any previous results.

-   convergence_gelman now stores the Gelman and Rubin’s statistics in
    the correct order, i.e., the most recent at the end of the array in
    convergence_data_get("val").

-   Users can now pass seed to MCMC. If is.null(seed) != TRUE, then seed
    is passed to set.seed().

-   The function convergence_auto() now behaves as expected. Before it
    was not checking convergence.

fmcmc 0.4-0

-   kernel_am and kernel_ram no longer fail when at least one parameter
    is an offset (fixed = TRUE for some parameter).

-   Now kernel_ram tries first to find the cholesky decomp. If it fails,
    then it uses Matrix::nearPD and re-tries. This is following what is
    done in the adaptMCMC package.

-   Workflow for running MCMC with conv_checker re-designed (less error
    prone).

-   Environments LAST_MCMC and LAST_CONV_CHECK provide information about
    the last call to MCMC and the corresponding convergence checker.
    Users can access these environments via getter and setter functions.

-   MCMC with convergence checker now reports the status of the
    convergence statistic using the LAST_CONV_CHECK environment and
    corresponding functions.

-   The functions to compute mean and variance recursively now allow us
    to do so using windows.

fmcmc 0.3-0

-   Adding Vihola (2012)’s Robust Adaptive Metropolis, Haario et
    al. (2001)’s Adaptive Metropolis, and Thawornwattana et al. (2018)’s
    mirror kernel algorithms.

-   The argument progress is no longer ignored. When set to TRUE, the
    function will print the progress of the MCMC algorithm.

-   Improved coverage and fixed minor bugs.

-   When running with convergence check, fixed parameters (offset), as
    tagged in the fmcmc_kernel object will be excluded from the call to
    conv_checker.

fmcmc 0.2-0

-   Added a NEWS.md file to track changes to the package.
